We did a lot of work here, and before we save our progress, I would like to change the template name
from 'Office Theme' into something different.
If for any reason, you do not see the current Slide Master name, right
mouse click on the bottom statue's bar,
and check the 'Theme'.
OK, now let's rename the template.
I make sure my Parent Slide is selected,
and I click at the 'Rename' button.
As I have mentioned before, the naming process is very important, especially if you have a lot of
templates on your computer or you assume that many people will have access to your template in the future.
I always make sure that I give my template, color palettes and fonts the very same name.
It's all about being consistent.
I strongly advise you to make it a habit because it can save you a lot of time searching for .potx
and .thmx files created in the past.
This is how I create template names.
I usually put the company name in the beginning,
in our case, this is a fictional company called Acme.
Then I put _, and the last element is the information about my slide size.
I use wide-screen here, so I put 16.9.
OK, I have my template properly named.
This is a moment for creating a folder where I will put all my template files.
Let's name it Acme_16.9 as well.
To save a file as .potx navigate to the file,
and choose a .potx extension from the list.
Please keep in mind that files with .potx extension always represent Microsoft PowerPoint template presentations.
Perfect,
we did a great job!
Now it's time to format the Child Layouts.